1. What is the number of leading zeros currently used in the hash for Bitcoin?
17 zeroes
Note: The actual hash difficulty is not about the leading zeros. 
It is about finding a hash less than the hash target set by the network. 
However, this is approximately about finding a hash having a specific number of leading zeros.

2. What is the desired time required to find a Hash in Bitcoin?

3. Does a change in a Private Key affect the blockchain as in the case of the public key?
A private key cannot be changed. 

4. Is a Public Key uniquely linked to a private key?
It is. 

5. How many miners are needed to run the 51% attack?

6. What are some possible attacks on a blockchain?
Peer-to-Peer Network-based Attacks
- Eclipse attack
- Sybil attack
Consensus Mechanism and Mining-based Attacks
- Selfish mining attack
- Mining malware
- 51% attack
- Timejack attack
- Finney attack
- Race attack

7. Are there major bitcoin servers?
Bitcoin has no central issuer; instead, the peer-to-peer network regulates Bitcoins, 
transactions and issuance according to consensus in network software.

8. Distribution of bitcoin owners?
The richest 30% of all Bitcoin owners own 98.3% of all Bitcoins. 
(https://medium.com/@BambouClub/are-you-in-the-bitcoin-1-a-new-model-of-the-distribution-of-bitcoin-wealth-6adb0d4a6a95)

9. What is a Merkle tree?
In cryptography and computer science, a hash tree or Merkle tree is a tree in which every leaf node is labelled with 
the hash of a data block, and every non-leaf node is labelled with the cryptographic hash of the labels of its child nodes. 

10. Entropy 
In cryptography, entropy is a measure of true randomness. 
An n-bit number chosen uniformly at random with a perfect random number generator has n bits of entropy, 
and entropy of other things can be computed in comparison to this case. 
For example, 4 words chosen uniformly at random from a wordlist of 1024 words has 40 bits of entropy because 
you can represent each word by 10 bits (2^10 = 1024) and stick the 4 groups of 10 bits together to get a 40-bit number 
chosen uniformly at random. When dealing with things chosen uniformly at random, you can also compute the entropy by 
calculating the base-2 logarithm of the total possible outcomes, eg. there are 6^20 possible outcomes when 
rolling a 6-sided die 20 times and then writing down the results one after another (ie. not summing or reordering them), 
so the result has log_2(6^20) ~= 51.7 bits of entropy. If the result is in any way biased (like the sum of dice rolls, 
which is very much not uniformly distributed), then you can still calculate the entropy, but it's more difficult.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
